Add Citation information (#3)
LLNL/AMS: README.md

AMS was created under the AMS LDRD-SI project (22-SI-004).

## Citation

If you use this software, please cite it as below:

> - Bhatia, Harsh, Patki, Tapasya A., Brink, Stephanie, Pottier, Loic E., Stitt, Thomas M., Parasyris, Konstantinos, Milroy, Daniel J., Laney, Daniel E., Blake, Robert C., Yeom, Jae-Seung, Bremer, Peer-Timo, and Doutriaux, Charles. Autonomous MultiScale Library. Computer Software. https://github.com/LLNL/AMS. USDOE National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA). 01 May. 2023. Web. doi:10.11578/dc.20230721.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bhatia, Harsh, Patki, Tapasya A., Brink, Stephanie, Pottier, Loïc, Stitt, Thomas M., Parasyris, Konstantinos, Milroy, Daniel J., Laney, Daniel E., Blake, Robert C., Yeom, Jae-Seung, Bremer, Peer-Timo, and Doutriaux, Charles. Autonomous MultiScale Library. Computer Software. https://github.com/LLNL/AMS. US DOE National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA). 01 May. 2023. Web. doi:10.11578/dc.20230721.1.
```

Reviewer: @koparasy: I don't know if that's important but the order in the CITATION.cff and the README do not match.
